Documentation for CC deployment (#23)
kyguy/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/cruise-control/assembly-cruise-control-concepts.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// master.adoc

[id='cruise-control-concepts-{context}']
= Cruise Control

> This chapter provides an overview of the Kafka cluster balancing features provided by Cruise Control and helps you get started using Cruise Control with {ProductName}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter provides an overview of the Kafka cluster rebalancing features provided by the Kafka {CruiseControlProject} open source project and helps you get started using Cruise Control with {ProductName}
```
